The President:
Hi, everybody.
Over the past year,
more than 10 million
Americans have gained
the financial security
and peace of mind that comes
with health insurance.
More than seven million
people enrolled in affordable
coverage by visiting
HealthCare.gov, or going
to the marketplace
in their state.
On average, they're paying
just $82 a month for coverage.
For a lot of people, that's less
than a cell phone bill
or a cable bill.
Insurance companies can no
longer deny you coverage
just because you have a
preexisting condition,
and they now have to cover
free preventive care like
checkups and mammograms.
If you missed your chance
to get covered last year,
here's the good news.
Starting November 15th,
today, you can go online
or call 1-800-318-2596
and get covered for 2015.
And we've spent the last
year improving and upgrading
HealthCare.gov, to make it
faster and easier to use.
If you already buy insurance
through the online marketplace,
now is the time to take a
look at some new options
for next year.
You might be able
to save more money,
or find a plan that fits
your family's needs
even better than the one
you've got now.
If you haven't signed
up for insurance yet,
this is your chance.
Odds are, you'll
qualify for tax credits
to help you afford it.
But this window won't
stay open forever.
You only have three
months to shop for plans,
so it's worth
starting right away.
And it might make a big
difference for your
family's bottom line.
Last year, I got an email from
a woman named Amy Williams,
in Augusta, Georgia.
She and her husband
are self-employed
in the trucking business.
For years, they
paid about $1,200
a month for their
health insurance.
Then they checked
out HealthCare.gov.
They found a plan with
coverage they liked,
and it was way
less expensive.
She says that they've
saved around $13,000
on their premiums
this year alone.
Stories like Amy's
are why we fought
so hard to pass the
Affordable Care Act.
To help more families
breathe a little easier.
In part because
this law is working,
health care prices have
grown at their slowest rate
in nearly 50 years.
And this year, insurance
premiums for families who are
covered through an employer
grew at a rate tied for
the lowest on record.
So spread the word.
Tell your friends and family
members to get covered.
Talk to folks in your
church or your classroom.
Tell them to take a few minutes
to check out Healthcare.gov,
CuidadoDeSalud.gov, or
call 1-800-318-2596 -
it can make a big
difference in their lives.
Let them know that it's
easy, it's affordable,
and that they have just three
months, starting today,
November 15th,
to sign up.
Together, we can make
sure that even more
of America gets covered
in the year ahead.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.